Create LayerProtocolRevision.md (#115)
tensorflow/swift: proposals/LayerProtocolRevision.md

## Suggested Design Change
A simple and performative solution is to modify the Layer _applied(to:_ API to include a training parameter. Perhaps add an extension function to drop the parameter when calling layers that don’t make a distinction.
```swift
public protocol Layer: Differentiable & KeyPathIterable
    where AllDifferentiableVariables: KeyPathIterable {
    /// The input type of the layer.
    associatedtype Input: Differentiable
    /// The output type of the layer.
    associatedtype Output: Differentiable

    /// Returns the output obtained from applying to an input.
    @differentiable(wrt: (self, input))

>     func applied(to input: Input, training: Bool) -> Output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    func applied(to input: Input, in context: Context) -> Output
```

where `Context` is defined as (something similar to):

```swift
protocol Context {
  var training: Bool { get }
}
```

The reason being is that: I think it'd be a good idea to make this a bit more general / flexible. I suspect that it may be valuable for layers to (eventually) be able to know a bit more about the context within which they're executing. e.g. if we're fine-tuning for quantization. This way, if we decide we need to have an additional orthogonal value (or if we decide that there's actually more than 2 modes (e.g. not just training and inference but say fine-tuning) we have the flexibility to make that change without causing a lot of churn.

The risk I see with going in this direction, however, is that the `Context` object could easily become a dumping ground for arbitrary utility things. So, it'd be very good we are careful.

Additionally, I think there's an open question as to whether `context` should be the first parameter or the second parameter. (e.g. Golang as a similar pattern, and always requires `Context` to be the first value.)

Finally, I've suggested `Context` to be a protocol, but I'm not sure if it would better be served as a `struct`. I imagine this decision has some flexibility tradeoffs, as well as performance implications. I'd be curious to hear more from those who have carefully tuned performance in Swift.

What do folks think of this direction?

Author: I think defining a Context protocol opens the door to forward flexibility and is a reasonable idea. If the notion of a Context is adopted then I agree stylistically it would be best as the first parameter.

Models are intended to run in a variety of execution contexts, so this could be an ideal way to bundle up and pass through a collection of control parameters from User level to the back end. For example there are a variety of parameters that can be used to specify Cuda behavior, and in the GCP case there might be a completely different set of context information for accounts, specific resources, and resource configuration parameters.

A set of objects conforming to _Context_ with additional specialized protocols for each of the common environments (CPU, Cuda, GCP) could be included as part of the product to cover 99% of the user scenarios. The collection could be added to over time if needed and passed through without requiring modifications to the rest of the API.

The compiler seems to do a pretty good job of efficiently passing structs down a call tree. I believe even though they are value types, the compiler simply passes a ref until there is an attempt to mutate, which I don't expect would happen other than at initialization time.

Your concern about the context being abused and becoming a dumping ground for poorly designed 3rd party components is quite valid. I don't know what the company policy is about asserting control over things. I expect most users will have no need to use anything other than the standard set. In any case, clear guidelines should be provided to discuss the issues involved in creating a custom context.

}

public extension Layer {
  func applied(to input: Input) -> Output {

>     return applied(to: input, training: false)

Reviewer 2: I don't think it could lead to unexpected behavior make this method available. For instance, you could pass `batchNorm.applied(to: x)` without a second argument in a model's `applied(to:)` method, but it could be misleading and cause unintended behavior even though it looks okay. Moreover, semantically, sublayers' learning phase should be training, when the parent `applied(to:)` is training, so passing `false` would be semantically inconsistent.

Reviewer: +1 to making the context parameter required (and not defining this extension). It'd probably be a code smell to not pass through the context / generate a new context implicitly. Thanks!
